# 4H Logo Eagle Library

Eagle Library with the 4H logo in a circle designed to be used on a white silk
screen layer over a green solder mask to meet the use guidelines for the 4H
logo under US code 18 USC 707. 

Including the "18 USC 707" in the silk screen proved to be un-readable, so it is omitted. 

It is recommended that you include "18 USC 707" as text adjacent to the logo, as per regulation. 

If you are a 4-H member or volunteer, you are permitted to use the 4-H Name &
Emblem once your program is chartered with the official 4-H Charter from 4-H
National Headquarters at the Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA ), within
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA). If you are a commercial
vendor, private organization or any other entity, you need to contact either
the local Cooperative Extension Service office or the State 4-H Office to
determine what steps you need to take for your use of the 4-H Name & Emblem.
Anyone wishing to use the 4-H Name & Emblem in a way that does not specify a
local or state program, should seek authorization to use the 4-H Name & Emblem
from 4-H National Headquarters at USDA.

In all private and commercial use of the 4-H Emblem, the statement “18 USC 707”
must legibly appear either to the right of the base of the stem or below the
lower right leaf of the clover. In use internal to the Cooperative Extension
System (all 4-H Youth Development programs and clubs duly given authorization
to use the 4-H Name & Emblem) use of the statement is at the discretion of the
State 4-H Program Leader, or for those uses that are multi-state, regional, or
national in scope, at the discretion of 4-H National Headquarters.

Whoever uses such emblem or any sign, insignia, or symbol in colorable
imitation thereof, or the words “4-H Club” or “4-H Clubs” or any combination of
these or other words or characters in colorable imitation thereof, without
being duly authorized, shall be fined not more than $5,000 for individuals and
$10,000 for groups, or imprisoned not more than six
months, or both.

